Since this video is about
converting code that somehow
enhances the functionality
of Brightcove player
into a custom plugin, we
need to start with some code.
Although the actual code
functionality is not
the purpose of the
video, we still
want to start with
something meaningful--
in this case, the starting
code adds Reverse and Forward
buttons to the player.
In this case, the buttons jump
the current time of the video
forward or backwards 5 seconds.
The amount of the jump is,
of course, programmable.
Here, we see the code on one
page that adds the buttons.
In addition to the video tag,
there is CSS and JavaScript
that adds the functionality.
First, we'll need
empty files, in which
to place the CSS and
JavaScript once they are
moved from the one-page code.
Now copy the CSS, minus the
style tags, into the CSS file.
Next, grab all the JavaScript
between the script tags
and put it into the JS file.
There is one change
we need to make.
In nearly all code
that alters the player,
there will be a line
that uses the getPlayer
method, which lets us get a
handle on the video element.
For a plugin, you
remove that line
of code, and at the
top of the JavaScript,
use a code that defines a
Brightcove player plugin.
This code uses the
registerPlugin method
and also defines the
name of the plugin.
Now we need to use the new
files that have been created
and be sure the
buttons still work.
We'll remove the style
tags and use a link tag
to pull in the CSS.
Next, use a script tag to
pull in the JavaScript.
Lastly, alter the script block,
so after we assign the myPlayer
variable, the
reference to the player
will call the name
of the plugin, which
we set to backForwardButtons.
All right, let's
be sure it works.
We're going to refresh the
page so we get our changes,
play the video, and
yep, it still works.
Great.